README.md, before:

## SNOWFLAKE NORMALIZE CONNECTOR

This sample app demonstrates how you can normalize patient problem conditions to industry standard icd10cm codes. 

# Requirements
Install dependent packages with the following command:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

This will install the following python packages to your compute cluster:

    snowflake-connector-python
    snowflake-connector-python[pandas]
    snowflake-sqlalchemy


# High-level flow of this connector
![High Level Flow](resources/imo-snowflake-connector.drawio.png)

# Create Snowflake Resources
  1. Create TESTSNOWFLAKE database with default settings.
  2. Create TEST_SCHEMA schema with default settings.
  3. Create PATIENT_TERMS table with default settings.
  ```SQL 
  create table PATIENT_TERMS (
    patient_id varchar(255),
    visit_date varchar(255),
    condition varchar(255)
  )
  ```
  4. Upload patient_conditons.csv to the new table.

  ![Add Data](resources/add_data.png)

# Using the Connector
  1. Complete the extraction of data from Snowflake Datawarehouse.
      - Add M2M credentials in the config.json for Normalize API (ClientID and SecretKey).
      - Add Snowflake connection string details (USER, PWD, ACCOUNT, DATABASE AND SCHEMA).
      - Specify the write method for the script.
          * Use direct to write normalization data directly to the Snowflake table.
          * Use internal to write to an internal stage on the Snowflake table.
      - Specify batch size (API max is 20 in a single request).
  2. Send request to Normalize API.
  3. Get response from Normalize API.
  4. Two options for this step:
      - Write to internal SnowFlake Stage.
      - Or write to external stage in AWS or Azure.
  5. Use Snowpipe to extract from internal or external stage and write to Snowflake staging table.
  6. Create a function or task to extract from staging table and write to Target table.

This connector demonstrates how to write to internal Stage or write directly to Snowflake Target table.

Commit message:

Add helper script for internal stage download

README.md, after:

## SNOWFLAKE NORMALIZE CONNECTOR

This sample app demonstrates how you can normalize patient problem conditions to industry standard icd10cm codes. 

# Requirements
Install dependent packages with the following command:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

This will install the following python packages to your compute cluster:

    snowflake-connector-python
    snowflake-connector-python[pandas]
    snowflake-sqlalchemy


# High-level flow of this connector
![High Level Flow](resources/imo-snowflake-connector.drawio.png)

# Create Snowflake Resources
  1. Create TESTSNOWFLAKE database with default settings.
  2. Create TEST_SCHEMA schema with default settings.
  3. Create PATIENT_TERMS table with default settings.
  ```SQL 
  create table PATIENT_TERMS (
    patient_id varchar(255),
    visit_date varchar(255),
    condition varchar(255)
  )
  ```
  4. Upload patient_conditons.csv to the new table.

  ![Add Data](resources/add_data.png)

# Using the Connector
  1. Complete the extraction of data from Snowflake Datawarehouse.
      - Add M2M credentials in the config.json for Normalize API (ClientID and SecretKey).
      - Add Snowflake connection string details (USER, PWD, ACCOUNT, DATABASE AND SCHEMA).
      - Specify the write method for the script.
          * Use direct to write normalization data directly to the Snowflake table.
          * Use internal to write to an internal stage on the Snowflake table.
      - Specify batch size (API max is 20 in a single request).
  2. Send request to Normalize API.
  3. Get response from Normalize API.
  4. Two options for this step:
      - Write to internal SnowFlake Stage.
        * Run snowflake-internal-download.py to download internal stage file to local filesystem
      - Or write to external stage in AWS or Azure.
  5. Use Snowpipe to extract from internal or external stage and write to Snowflake staging table.
  6. Create a function or task to extract from staging table and write to Target table.

This connector demonstrates how to write to internal Stage or write directly to Snowflake Target table.
